EN version for merged structure refactoring and small fixes of datamodel section in concepts + minor fixes in RU (#23962)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/datamodel/index.md

# {{ ydb-short-name }} Schema Objects

{{ ydb-short-name }} supports the following types of schema objects:

* [Directories](dir.md)
* [Tables](table.md)

{% if feature_view %}
* [Views](view.md)
{% endif %}
* [Topics](topic.md)
* [Coordination nodes](coordination-node.md)
* [Secrets](secrets.md)
* [External tables](external_table.md)
* [External data sources](external_data_source.md)

> Schema objects are placed within the [cluster namespace](cluster-namespace.md) and are named according to the common [naming rules](cluster-namespace.md) applied to all schema objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Schema objects are placed within the [cluster namespace](cluster-namespace.md) and are named according to the common [naming rules](cluster-namespace.md) that apply to all schema objects.
```

> ## See also {#see-also}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## See Also {#see-also}
```
